-: Welcome back.
So as part of step one, we already understood
about what we are going to do as part of this section.
So in step two, which is nothing
but we are going to understand little bit
about the easier terminology.
So which is nothing but what is registry repository?
Repository, policy, authorization, token, and then image.
So registry is nothing
but an easier registry is provided to each AWS account.
So we can create image repositories
in our registry so we can create multiple repositories
in a registry provider to us.
So, and then repository is nothing but
an easier image repository contains our respect
to docker images
and repository policies.
So we can control access to our repositories
and the images within them with this repository policies.
So, which means it is integrated with our AWS IAEM.
And another thing is authorization token.
So for Docker hub, if you want to log
in to docker hub to push your docker images
we usually say Docker login
and then provide our username and then password
in the same way for AWS ECR repository
also, right?
If you want to log in, so from our Docker client
we need to do the same, but the commands might here
and there differ.
So, but the things will be same.
So our Docker client must authenticate
to Amazon easier registries
as an AWS user
before it can push and pull images.
The AWS CLA get login command provides as
with the authentication credentials to pass to the docker.
So, and finally image, image is nothing, but we
can push it whatever the image we build locally, right?
So that is the one we are going to push it
to this repository, whatever we create inside the registry
right? So there are some prerequisite things which are
required before that, which is nothing but one is
you are AWS CLI V2 version of
things should be configured on your local.
So as part of zero one EKS create clusters using EKS CTL
inside that with the installments, like the first section
install CLIs.
We have already installed AWS CLI
and then configure that CLA
with our security credentials
of AWS with AWS configure.
So which means we really don't need to worry about this
and install Docker CLA.
So as part of Docker fundamental section here, okay?
So in our respective course only you'll have something
called zero two Docker Fundamental.
So as part of this anyway, we are going to
install the Docker desktop tool
and if it is MacBook or Windows accordingly, right?
So this is the Docker desktop already running.
So you will do with the Docker seal
installation you'll be doing as part of that.
So if you are not completed the Docker fundamental sections
earlier in this course or anything, don't worry about it.
Just to help provided the direct links for Docker, for Mac
install, Docker for Windows install, and then Linux install.
So you can go there and then steps will be pretty in detail.
So very straightforward.
So download it and then execute it.
And then it should be running immediately, just the drag
and drop on Mac and then it should be running immediately.
So it's not a complicated one.
Okay? So, and now on AWS console
you need to configure your CLI related token
which we have done as part of this section.
So which means the prerequisite section
which we already completed as part of our
EKS create cluster section
and then docker fundamental section.
So with that said, we are directly moving
on to our next step of creating the easier repository.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.